chatpotters
how y'all doing chat how's everybody
doing today
let's begin
hey dr k hey
i don't know what to call you oh you can
call me
yuna yuna okay
are you hi hi how are you
really good i'm so sorry i'm late
i think that's okay it's not really yeah
okay it gives me i i you know sometimes
it's a weird
um uh it's sort of like a weird blessing
in disguise because i get to actually
hang out with chat for a little while
which could be a long time
you're so nice i i literally woke up
five minutes ago yeah i've
slept through my alarm yeah that happens
i'm sorry that's okay are you are you
you seem
really really um and maybe embarrassed
or something about it
oh yeah yeah a little bit
and how can i reassure you that you
being late is really not a big deal
oh not oh i i believe you now
okay i believe you
[Music]
okay cool so uh yoona if you
you know if you need a minute to wake up
i don't know if you will like want to
grab a cup of coffee or something you're
welcome
i'm awake normally oh
wait okay yeah yeah and so
um you know just a couple things so
sometimes we'll have a quick call with
people before they come on stream just
to outline that like
you know if there's anything that um you
don't want to talk about or anything you
don't feel comfortable talking about
sometimes we'll give people an
opportunity to set that boundary i know
that you know we didn't have that chance
so
i just want to tell you if there's
anything that you feel uncomfortable
talking about
um yeah you know you can just say so if
i ask you any question that you feel
like is out of line that's totally fine
just let me know i'm also going to try
to pay attention to things that may
maybe may make you feel uncomfortable
and then i may ask you for permission to
continue and i may even say
are you sure you want to continue
talking about that because it seems like
there's some emotions coming up or
something like that
is that okay yeah sounds good
um one other thing is that it seems like
okay cool
what are you excited about talking to
you
okay what what do you want to talk about
oh
now oh uh
uh uh my
issues okay that's a scary word
i have a lot of i have a lot of issues
okay what are your issues so many issues
oh
okay um uh
uh i guess i'm a big workaholic
okay i don't have i don't i feel
anxiety when um
whenever i hang out with friends or
family
um okay that's i i would say that's like
my number one issue i feel
um i feel guilty about um hanging out
with
friends and that's probably why i don't
have any friends
okay um
i think i also have like i can't
really um i don't really do well
in like a group setting
like a social group setting um
so i get a lot of anxiety um
and
insomnia i'm a huge insomniac i can't
sleep um
and that's yeah
that's around that's about it sounds
like
enough to me
sounds sounds actually pretty tough you
know
um um it's okay
it's all right i deal with it i've been
dealing with it for a while
how long have you been dealing with it
um
since
like college okay school
high school college and can you tell me
a little bit about
what high school was like for you
um high school wasn't too bad
my school was just like um
i would say high school was pretty
normal um
i thought i had a
lot of time to work on my stuff
i didn't really have any friends but um
i had one close friend
um but she kind of went a little crazy
i guess because like her parents became
like her parents are
super religious and then
um she they kind of
like she was like super cool with
a lot of things and then her parents
kind of took over her
and like told her like she um
like listens to music or watches movies
or you know
there's any of like those type of things
um they'll like abandon her and then so
like
yeah it was really extreme and then she
so she and i stopped being friends
um and then yeah that was the only thing
that was like really like uh on a during
high school
wow that's kind of wild what's it like
to lose your only friend to
religious extremism um
it sucked what talking about
um
well
because she was like the only person i
could talk to about things so like
um losing her uh
kind of sucks a lot
have you lost people before um yeah
i had like i had another best friend
um but she had to move
because of visa reasons to japan back to
japan and then when she moved she like
never
spoke to me again which was weird
um but
yeah and um
so can you help me understand so it
seems like you usually have
maybe like very few friends that are
very close yeah
uh-huh and what's your understanding of
kind of how that happens
i'm sorry what do you mean so when i
think about high school
like i was not very popular by any means
but yeah i had you know a little gang
and i think and i i think that you know
most people in high school have sort of
a gang or a click
and they certainly may have particular
friends that they're very close to but
i'm not really hearing that you
you really have a social circle like
even in high school no
no i never never had one do you have a
sense like did you have like a social
circle like it when you were younger
than high school like middle school
no no my my childhood was really bad
like what do you mean by that i was
so when i was in elementary school um
so i was born uh unlucky
kind of in korea um
so when you're close when you're born
close to lunar year in korea
your age um
it's like plus two it's weird
and so then the kids get
an option to go to school early
um so my parents wanted to
decided that they wanted to like further
my education
faster so because life is a race
yeah so they put me to school early um
back then
um korea had like capital punishment
um so like i couldn't
uh keep up with class because you know
kids
if you're like back when you're a kid
like one or two years of difference
makes like a big difference
right um so i couldn't keep up with like
homework i couldn't keep up with like
answers in class
um i was like the smallest out of all
the kids
and so like whenever we would get
something warm up like multiple times
like the
teachers would like bring us up and hit
us with like a wooden stick
um in front of like all the kids um but
because like i couldn't
keep up like 99 of the time i was always
like shown
and um hit
oh no okay okay okay wait
wait wait wait wait wait wait um so this
is like first grade too
hold on
so you know how i said that there are
going to be some things that may come up
because we haven't touched this is fun
that this is fine
yeah because i talked about this like in
the stream before so this is fine
what are you feeling right now uh
that i'm sensitive what does that mean
um because i'm like tearing up a bit
is being sensitive a bad thing no
it's just annoying what's annoying about
it
because i start crying and what's
annoying about that
um because it's
i don't know i guess there's nothing
wrong with
it there's nothing wrong with what
oh crying then why do you feel annoyed
what does that word
mean annoyed because i i'm i'm like i'm
a
like i'm an easy crier it's like
i um when i talk about emotional stuff i
tend to like cry
all right i understand that you do that
i see that you do that what i'm curious
about is
your reaction to the crying
oh yeah yeah it's um it's like it's not
necessary
why isn't it necessary um because it's
okay to cry
because it's okay to show your emotions
yeah so maybe i'm maybe i'm
misunderstanding you here you know but
what i'm sort of noticing is that you
cry
and then when i ask you about crying you
say it's annoying
oh yeah yeah yeah so so the annoying
so and then when you say it's okay to
cry like i'm a little bit confused
because it seems like there's a part of
you that feels
sensitive or annoying or like maybe
you're weak or something like that
and you shouldn't cry and there's a part
of you that no no it's totally fine to
cry
that's kind of what i'm getting from you
i'm getting kind of mixed
is that yeah accurate yeah yeah
for sure yeah okay so
i know this is gonna sound weird but
i think what we're gonna try to teach
you is that
you're okay okay and the weird thing
about that
is that part of teaching you that you're
okay doesn't mean just
accept you're accepting yourself for
crying it also means
accepting yourself for being annoyed at
crying
oh okay does that make sense or is that
kind of weird
so like it's it's weird but if you feel
judgment towards yourself like oh i'm
stupid i shouldn't cry i'm too sensitive
i want you to voice those feelings too
so we can learn how to sit with those as
well
okay because i think in a weird way what
you're doing is
is you're doing to yourself what your
teachers used to do to you
yeah you say yes if that makes sense
can you explain that to us um
so like you're basically saying like um
punishing myself by making myself feel
like
it's not okay to cry or
exactly is is that what you think you
may do sometimes
yeah a lot
i think so too i think maybe being a
workaholic has something to do with that
too what do you think
yeah probably yeah all right
so we could kind of go back to the story
but like first of all you know that's
like that sounds shocking and very
difficult to go through as a child
yeah because um what would happen is
like you know how kids learn
from adults yes so like you know when
um the teachers would like you know hit
me like the other kids like during
playtime or whatever would just kind of
gather up and hit me too
and so like it kind of um
so that was like my elementary school
experience
and then like um um
and then my dad got a job in the us
and we i was taken away from like
like my parents didn't know about any of
this because i never told them
um and what's your understanding of why
you never told them
um well what would happen is like
my parents would be called to school
um and my teachers will tell
my my my parents that
i'm not doing so good and that i'm not
very smart
and i'm not like i'm kind of stupid so
like my parents
um decided to like put me through like
arts
like direction of heart because they
thought i was like
too dumb to get a real job
yeah yeah um
i um
i don't know why i didn't tell them i
think i just thought that
everything that i was doing was just
wrong
so like at that time
do you ever feel that way now that
sometimes your mind just kind of feels
like everything you're doing is wrong
um uh in some ways
yeah in some ways yeah okay
so let's just put a quick pin in that we
can maybe come back to that thought or
that feeling later
yeah and so what happened when you moved
to the u.s
um it was really nice because like i was
really shocked that
like you can make mistakes and like
teachers
like other kids don't bully you and like
that was not allowed and
um it was really nice
but you know i had trouble making
friends because of the language
barrier and
but that's when i met like i became
friends like with my japanese friend
and because she was also um she also
came to the us
um and we kind of like learned and hang
out hung out together
and then how how old were you when you
moved to the us
eight and how did you do in school
when you moved to the us um i was like
so i have a severe adhd
so i would like i did my best because
like
um my parents didn't want me to get any
like bees
um so like i did all right but i didn't
like straight a's all the time
what what's your understanding what your
cat is doing right now
she loves me does she do that
or does she she's she cuddles
she wants cuddles 24 7. okay so this
isn't yeah it's not like she's
she can tell you're suffering or
anything and is coming over to
um sometimes sometimes
sometimes she's timed really well
okay and i know like if i whenever i
leave to take out the trash
she starts crying like yelling
um so i know she's very attached to me
um yeah she's cute she's really really
she does seem very comfortable yeah she
like
she's like to snuggle like right here
when i
go to sleep she's very cute
awesome and so
it sounds like you did okay in school
but your parents put some pressure on
you but you were generally relieved
when you moved here yeah yeah
and then they relief and what was it
like to have a friend
i was nice oh it was really nice i
remember like
um back when i was in south korea
i had like one friend i was like
i managed to convince one friend to come
over
or like to convince a person to come
over and
play and hang out and i had so much fun
and then when
that person left i cried so much
during like that time because it was
like
and then so now i have when i had a
friend who came up for all the time
it was awesome and when did your friend
leave to japan
um like in middle school
like like in the middle of school i
would say like mid or ends i
can't remember exactly i think middle of
middle school
because i had another friend that was
really close to but she also moved
hmm
it seems like your friends always leave
you yeah
yeah yeah
is that funny no i laugh
when i laugh i laugh
when i feel sad sometimes it's like it's
like my go-to
um yeah i laugh when i'm awkward i laugh
when i'm sad
um sometimes i laugh when i'm pissed off
i it's like my go-to um it's very
protective isn't it
stay yeah what do you so you
what do you think about that sort of
like growing up and having your friends
like
because here's here's kind of what i'm
envisioning so first of all you know you
were taught
early on that you suck
right like that's that's what i'm
hearing like your teachers used to like
you were you were put into the situation
where like you were you know the deck is
stacked against you
and and like it sounds really really
hard
but you were taught this lesson and i i
didn't curse to me that i was a little
insensitive to say that but
honestly that was the best way that i
could encapsulate like what i
imagined a child like that feels like
where your teachers would like publicly
shame you
and sort of tell you again and again and
again that you're not good enough you're
not good enough you're not good enough
and then furthermore the other kids
would be like oh she's the one who's not
good enough and we're supposed to hit
her
okay you know and so you were taught
that other
children were like not people that you
could connect with
and then you managed to find a friend
you know another little awkward
immigrant who maybe has language
barriers and you can connect to her
and then she leaves and then never talks
to you again
yep and how did you feel
like what thoughts went through your
head when she left and
not just when she left but when she
didn't well
i think back then because i'm i'm like
i'm 30 i'm turning 31
really soon so like back then it was
hard to
communicate outside of because like
there
on social media it was there was only me
email right
and you know um she didn't have like a
number or so but she did give like
me like her dad's email um
and i wrote her and stuff i like her
address
but i just never got like a response
back
so um i didn't really think much of it i
just thought oh she probably can't
like because it's her dad email or um
so it sounds to me like you attributed
reasons to her not responding
yeah yeah and is there a part of you
that sort of felt like
even though all that stuff may have been
true that she sort of didn't
care to respond or didn't care enough
about you
um
[Music]
i think like i i mean
i guess when i think about it now it
feels like that i think back then i just
kind of
because i tried for like four years
so long um yeah so i didn't
like i don't i don't know i just
i didn't really think like she doesn't
care about me i
constantly think oh she probably just
can't
reach back for some reason okay
and so it sounds like you made another
friend in middle middle school
yeah i've made another friend and then
but
she actually also moved away
out of state and how did you feel about
that do you remember
uh i thought oh crap
um i was sad about it but
you know i was like oh i could just i'll
make another friend
in high school and you made another
friend
in high school yeah i did i made a
another friend in high school
and she and i were really close
were yeah because she
kind of just suddenly like became
because she was like her family was
super religious
but she herself was she was still
religious but she wasn't fanatical
and then like she would hang out with me
all the time we would go watch movies we
would play games we would
um listen to music and like her parents
like found out
and like told her like you know
if she continues to watch movies um
listen to music then they'll like
abandon her
you know you know besides her yeah like
shun her
yeah you know this sounds really crazy
but it seems like life conspires to take
people away from you
yeah oh but i don't feel yeah
yeah i sometimes feel like that
that's weird
is that just are you just unlucky or
what's going on like how do we
understand that
um is it just a feeling like
how do you make sound i have no idea it
just
happens yeah
do you feel lonely
yeah but
i mean i have one
like i have one really close friend now
so like
i feel less lonely now because i feel
like when i have one
like all i need is like one close friend
sure
and um so now i feel like
less lonely i would say
let me think about how to say this
i can see that you can survive with just
one close friend
yeah and at the same time i think it's
really sad
when people can grow
accustomed to being
okay with the bare minimum of what they
really deserve in life
it's actually one of the saddest things
to me really when people get used to it
yeah
oh
what do you think so i should make more
friends
do you want more friends i do have
friends like i have
um i do have like
but i have like one close friend and
then i have like
friends i can hit up sometimes
now because um i made a lot of streamer
friends
um so
yeah it's but i feel also feel bad
because i don't have time
a lot of time to hang out with a lot of
them
because i'm too busy working sure
yeah i
can i think for a second yeah
i'm trying to figure out where to go can
i just think out loud
yeah yeah you can yeah you can help me
so first is that like you know we can
continue talking about your feelings and
trying to explore where things
come from and you know how you feel and
what you think about stuff
you asked me an interesting question you
said should i make more friends
and so that is what we that's kind of
like a problem-solving sort of thing so
like i
i don't always give people advice they
don't tell people that they should do x
y or z because i mean
who am i to say i mean and my
my gut reaction to that answer is like
you know it can be hard to
have just one friend because
life circumstances can take people away
from you
right yeah and so there's a part of me
that sort of says you should diversify
so that if someone has something going
on then then like
you know you're not stuck friendless for
a while in forming one connection but
you know that's that's just sort of it's
an intellectual answer i don't know that
you should make for
friends i think it's like that's a
question for you to decide
yeah um and then there are a couple of
other things so we can kind of continue
talking about friends and stuff like
that we can just switch
to sort of switch gears but i i think
it's all going to come back to this
because i think it didn't
i mean i don't know why but like it
feels to me like
you know growing up the way that you did
is gonna significantly give you social
anxiety
yeah and and so you know we can talk a
little bit about what social anxiety
feels like in the moment
what is it that keeps you from making
friends what
why is it that you make sort of one
friend at a time like how does that
happen
and why doesn't that number become two
and i suspect that that has something to
do with the way
that you interact with them not the way
that they interact with you
that you probably do certain things
until you find a friend
and then you stop doing those things
because then you have a friend like what
do you mean i'm not sure
that's why we can kind of talk about
that okay so because it is weird that
like you
there's got to be a reason why you have
one friend at a time basically
like that can't just be coincidence it
has to do you know
yeah i'm gonna sort of use a completely
like different kind of random and maybe
inappropriate example but like
you know sometimes i've worked with
people who have a lot of affairs
and it's like it's not a coincidence
that they keep having affairs it's like
they're doing something to put
themselves in a particular situation
where they create a particular kind of
social situation
and in your case you know i don't think
it's just like there's like just
randomly one person that you can connect
with i think something happens about
you know once you make a friend you
probably like either you start spending
a lot of time with them so you don't
have time to make other friends or
since that's enough for you you stop
eating because you feel full or not full
but you just don't feel hungry enough
[Music]
i see yeah what do you think about that
it's interesting i never thought about
it that way
um
i think like like for me what happens is
like
um
like i like i put
like i work a lot because like it's
where i feel like the safest
yep we're gonna get into that in a
second i'm good i'm glad you realize
that
saved us a lot of time yeah and then
like um
and
like i have i think i choose to have one
friend because like
um
with this one i don't feel
anxiety when i hang out with him because
he lets me work
when i'm hanging out um
so like i think
i i'm trying to figure out my reasons
why like i only
choose that one friend at a time um
i think it's i don't know i because i i
connect
really well when i have like one close
friend
because i do have like other friends i
can hit up
i think it's just that whenever i play
games or i'm away from my work fully
i get really anxious to go back to
working
so like um
like i guess like my close friend
understands that
so like when we hang out i'm still
working and he's totally cool with
it um
i also find myself being really curious
yuna and this is definitely a boundary
that we don't have to talk about but i'm
really curious about your romantic
relationships
and if you've had them um
and that that you know some people
aren't comfortable talking about that so
i i think it could be informative and
our goal here is to help you understand
yourself
and at the same time i can imagine that
you of all people would be quite private
so i want to steer clear of that if you
don't want to talk about it
yeah i can talk about
um let me let me think about it for a
second
um
yeah i guess i don't i don't know if i
want to get into makes perfect sense
i think we have a lot of stuff a lot of
other things that we can talk about
that'll be very productive
yeah so let's talk about the anxiety of
being a workaholic like to
help me understand what you mean by
anxiety when you're not working
um when i'm not working
and i'm like doing something else like
playing games or socializing i
i'm like i feel like i have this like i
don't know why
i know it's not right but i feel like
i'm wasting time because
i'm always i'm like oh but i have to do
this and if i
can get this done or like um
like and then i don't actually actively
think this i just feel it
feel like
like impatience like you're pointing to
your stomach
yeah like i don't know how to explain
that it's like
when you take a lot of caffeine it's
like i don't know how to explain that
it's um
i feel anxious
do you do you remember what you this is
to be kind of a weird shot in the dark
but do you remember
did you know when you were growing up in
korea that you were going to get called
on
and that you were going to get the
answer wrong
did you see it coming oh yeah do you
remember
how you felt when you saw it coming
scared is that the way that you feel now
when you feel anxious
yeah yeah let's see yeah how similar is
the feeling on a scale of one to ten
ten being exactly the same one being um
it's similar i would say it's similar
it's not exactly the same because
back then it was scarier yeah so so so
i i think what i'm hearing is that the
quality
of the feeling is the same the intensity
of the feeling is lower yeah
yeah and the more you work
the more the feeling goes away
yeah yeah i just feel safer when i'm
working
yep and so i know this sounds kind of
weird but like
this is gonna be a real stretch okay so
if it doesn't make sense
totally my fault but i think the reason
you're a workaholic
is because that's the way that your body
has learned how to avoid going up in
front of the classroom and getting
smacked with a stick
um i think like
i think that it's
true but i also feel like i'm a
workaholic because i feel like all my
worth is tied to my work for some reason
yes yeah that's not for some reason it's
the same
i mean so oh okay right so like let's
think about this what was your worth
tied to when you were growing up
me answering questions your performance
right yeah yeah and so you were taught
that you were like not a good human
being
because your performance is bad
yeah and now like when your performance
is bad how do you feel you know
really really really really really
really really bad
and do you feel like you did when you
were up front in front of a classroom
and um
the quality is the same like you were
saying definitely not as
um intense yeah sure yeah
and at the same time you used a lot of
reallys there
oh yeah that's true all right you're
like really really really really really
really bad
you're right that's true oh my gosh
what do you think about that
um i just never realized i it's just
late
it's just like so many connections are
being made i didn't
i didn't realize it before
um what do i think about it
um you could just sit for a second and
process
but yeah or you can say something
whatever you want to do
um
it makes sense um
i would say um it makes sense and
i guess it's not it's not necessary for
me to feel that way
sure it is what do you mean it's not
necessary help me understand that
i i think i'm kind of getting confused
i think my mind is staying like like my
mind is kind of getting confused
what are you confused by um i just said
something that was
kind of weird and contradictory so if
that's confusing you that was the
intention of my statement
oh no i'm like i'm trying to figure out
like how i feel about it but i don't
feel
good about it i feel good about what uh
i don't feel good about
that i um
punish myself for um
right not doing well yep
so remember when i said acceptance is
not just
saying it's okay to cry it's also
accepting what
um accepting that you
judge yourself for crying yeah yeah
right so i think you're doing the same
thing here
where you're not you're judging you're
punishing yourself for whatever
the reaction is it doesn't it sort of
doesn't matter
yeah even in this discussion what i'm
kind of hearing from you is that
i think part of the reason that what you
describe is confusion
and i can understand what feels like
confusion now i'm really maybe confusing
you so apologies but
i think part of what's confusing is that
like they're you're making revelations
and you're also judging those
revelations
and telling yourself at the same time oh
this should be different
is that going on um
[Music]
yeah i would say so and what are you
saying about yourself that should be
different tell us what should be
different about you
um well i just i feel like i should
um i
guess i should just not feel that i mean
i guess
i should just not feel like i'm judging
like
i shouldn't judge myself yep but that in
and of itself is you judging yourself
for not judging yourself oh no
i don't know what to do exactly exactly
that's the point
that's the point no no you're good good
good good good
that's what you do about it like you see
like
it goes on forever yeah
you can judge yourself for not judging
yourself for not judging yourself you
can ju
like you just keeps going on forever
yeah and so that's why that's why i'm
pointing it out to you because as long
as you judge yourself like as long as
there's any kind of judgment towards
yourself it'll like it'll it's never
gonna work
it's actually the same thing that
has put on a mask
but it's the same lack of acceptance and
judgment towards yourself for not being
good
good enough and you see how quickly it
moves it's like
oh you should be more accepting of
yourself
how dare you be less accepting of
yourself you know that's a judgment
yeah right and and so so this is what
happens is there's a part of your mind
that when you feel kind of insecure or
anxious
is gonna tell you yoona you need to do
better
yeah and even in this conversation it's
like it's telling you like oh you know
like you need to be less confusing
you need to like you need to be able to
listen and understand what he's saying
like you're going to be judging yourself
constantly whereas you're doing great
i can guarantee if there's any
communication problem in this
conversation it's totally on me
because i can be really hard to talk to
what do you think about that oh god i
just dreamt um
no you're awesome i don't i think you're
really easy to talk to
um i think um
you're right i shouldn't i shouldn't
judge
you're doing it again oh my god okay
wait i don't know what to do i know it's
really confusing
it's really confusing right so so this
way
like i know it sounds weird but at the
very beginning i said it's okay to judge
yourself
so because okay
because if you if you say it's okay to
judge yourself
you're not judging yourself for judging
yourself you're accepting yourself
okay i see see it's weird
yeah and it feels really foreign to you
like you don't
know how to do that you don't know how
to yeah
that's really weird how do you do that
it's really confusing and it's hard
trust me
yeah right because as a kid you were
taught how to judge yourself
you were judged by your teachers you
haven't really touched on parents will
probably steer clear of that because but
you're probably judged by your parents
because all of our parents judge us you
know you should do art because you're
not smart enough etc
you know and i mean they wanted to do
the best that they could for you and
they yeah
you know so they their heart was in the
right place but sometimes
you know that can still leave
psychological
imprints um and so i know it sounds
really really weird
to accept yourself and i know it's gonna
be really really confusing for you but i
think it's gonna
be like really really transformative
when you learn how to do it
because then suddenly you don't have to
be a workaholic
the only friends that i like being like
yes you do so let's talk about that that
was nice
what feels nice i love working what do
you love about working
it's fun okay it's
fun i love i l it's like but
my work is like my hobby as well so
um i love doing it
and i get really proud when i
wha i get proud and of the stuff that i
create
at the same time i'm always i have a
really severe imposter syndrome
so i'm like i'm proud of it but
at the same time i can't be it's weird
just like it's like um
because in my head i'm like oh it's not
a big deal because
you know if i can do it like why why is
it that special because i
i did it so it must not be that special
because
if i can do it anybody can do it um
so i guess yeah i have like i struggle
with a lot
i struggle with a lot of like being
proud of the things like i am proud like
i tell myself
that to be proud of it and to be happy
with
it but like i struggle with that a lot
because
um i don't actually feel it
yep what do you feel
i don't feel anything like i actually
like as a
like when i make something and i create
something and i know it's good like in
my head
i know it's good because
you know i get told that it's good
but like i myself
i tell it to myself i don't feel
um like oh this is awesome
oh what i created was awesome um
i tell it to myself i don't feel it i
don't know how to explain it do you feel
like
it's bad or you just don't
feel like yeah yeah i feel like it's bad
because
i'm like i shouldn't be so prideful
because like
you know at the end of the day i mean i
don't know i keep telling i keep pushing
my i keep putting myself down
honestly like when i think about it
because i always say like
oh i shouldn't be that proud because
like my code sucks there's so many
different ways to make this better like
you know it's so messy um
you know there's so many people that's
way better than
i am with like with coding and
um so like why should i like i shouldn't
feel
proud of it because it and at the end of
the day it kind of sucks so i need to do
better i need to fix
it um i'm not doing enough
um all this stuff
yeah right so here's what i'm hearing is
that it's not
good enough yeah
right because yuna isn't someone who is
good enough
yeah so even though
so so this is the tricky thing is that
there's like eight-year-old yoona
or six-year-old you know a four-year-old
yuna or whenever you started school
and then there's almost 31 year old yuna
an almost 31 year old yoona knows that
what she puts out is good
but inside there's like six-year-old
yuna who like every time she does her
best
what happens to her
um she gets like not you know what's
funny
i have adhd but i want to tell you a
funny story please
um i loved it so one time i found a
wooden stick
like a lay a big long one inside i don't
know i found it
this big long stick that like it's the
stick that you used to hit
people with right like the same ones
that they used
in the um schools and stuff i i found
the stick
and i was proud of finding the stick and
i brought it to school because
to defend myself and instead my teacher
took the stick
and used that stick to punish me
for like the the rest of
that was like her favorite stick um
so yeah it feels like it feels like um
i don't know why i've segued into that
story um i just when you told me like
how do i feel
about me getting hit um excuse
yourself like me getting hit like
like i i just that that one was like the
most shocking
like yeah i think that your mind is not
adhd there i think that is forming a
really important connection
that is actually exactly what we're
talking about
because i want to tell you i'm going to
interpret that story for you
in a way that i mean i sometimes is just
blows my mind
so what that story tells me is when yuna
tries to do something good in life
what happens
when she tries to take control it gets
turned around right so every time you
tell yourself
i'm doing a good job now this is good i
should be proud of this
inside is the girl who's like we tried
to take control we tried to move forward
we tried to get better
and we got beat yeah
like it's like like that's that's the
most important story you've shared
because it's the story that taught you
that you can't
make you can't change your life
yeah it's one thing to have your life
against you
it's another thing to try to change it
and be like beat with that stick for the
rest of elementary school
yep so like when you tell yourself that
like
hey i'm i'm a good person now i make
content that's good
i should be proud of this code that's
you picking up the stick again
[Music]
and then there's a part of you that's
like uh-uh we've been down that road
before it does not end well
who are you to pick up that stick you
better just leave it on the ground
[Music]
sorry oh wait i'm not that sorry
no so what i want you to say is i'm
sorry for crying and it's
okay for me to be apologetic for
something that i shouldn't
be apologizing for you just cry just
just sit
here
you want a tissue or something yeah i'm
gonna get one
sorry
let's see if she figures this out
all right okay
i'm just going to stand up for a second
okay so before
this is civilian so before before um we
had our interview you know i was telling
you i like to connect with twitch chat
so someone asked a question in chat what
should you do
when someone starts crying and then i
was telling them that you have to learn
how to sit with it and then someone in
chat was like can you stand with it and
i was like yes you could stand with it
and it's just a little but yeah yeah
it's it's
so what what are you feeling now what
was why did you start crying
um
i felt sad and then i felt embarrassed
and then i felt
and then i felt um when i said sorry i
felt
bad about that and then i felt
so i need to say sorry again and i felt
bad about that
yeah it's like it's it's it's the whole
cycle yeah and what are you feeling now
um
[Music]
uh giggling yeah right
so so i think i think so you you know
you asked me earlier what do i do about
that
and this is exactly what you do about it
you kind of like huh yes absolutely
right
right so like you sort of like recognize
the absurdity of it
and then all you can do is sort of laugh
you don't fight against it you don't try
to change you're just like
oh look at how crazy that is that's
ridiculous
and that's actually the first step so
there's a there's a funny kind of
tradition in zen buddhism that when zen
buddhist masters become enlightened the
first thing that they do
is laugh yeah and it's because they
realized that all this work that they
were doing was
never necessary yeah
and so as best as you can just kind of
notice it
and and just be like okay like because
at some point i think something magical
happens when you
stop apologizing and judging yourself
is you wind up laughing you're like well
yeah nothing i can do about that
lol right
yeah and then what happens is i know it
sounds kind of weird but like over time
as you
learn how to do that and the things that
you're and then what's going to happen
is the judgment is going to start to
melt away
as you learn how to like you're
accepting it because you're saying oh
yeah
you're not trying to change anything
you're just sort of saying like okay
like
that's ridiculous like that's not gonna
go anywhere well
and then you move on with the rest of
your day and every time you do that
every time you become
aware of the cycle the cycle actually
starts to break apart a little bit
and it's the cycle that i think is
really causing you
a lot of suffering and it's a cycle that
you've been
doing for a long time sounds like you
know 20 plus years
um the other thing you know is that
you know a lot of times we'll talk for a
while
like we would be sort of like a little
bit past the halfway point
but i'm noticing that you've actually
made i think you've discovered a lot in
a very short amount of time
yeah and so i'm gonna do something a
little bit unorthodox which is i'm gonna
give you the option to sort of stop here
like if you feel like this is enough for
you to kind of process and it's not like
i want you to pick one or the other
because i still have a lot of things i
mean you said earlier that you know you
feel the safest when you're working and
that's just
that's just too juicy for me like you
know like
like i have to ask you about safety and
all that i mean there's a lot of stuff
i'm still super curious about i think
there's a lot to learn
but at the same time i'm noticing that
you've been through a lot
and you've kind of discovered a lot in
like a relatively short amount of time
and and i want to give you the chance to
kind of just put a pot hit the pause
button and kind of process and work
through that
and then maybe like we can revisit down
the road
what do you think keep going or um i
want to talk more for some reason yeah
it feels nice
okay tell what do you want to talk about
um i feel let's save this when i'm
working
okay so tell me tell me about
what what tell me about feeling safe
while you're working
um i think
i think it's just i think i feel safe in
the marketing because
i feel like um i'm progressing every
time i work
it's like oh i'm progressing and i'm get
i'm doing
um it's helping in some way and then um
every time i'm not working i'm like
i feel like all my stuff that i worked
on like it's like falling apart
because i'm not working um
and i always like i'm like and i always
i'm like oh
because i spent these two hours hanging
out with my friends
now my
now uh i'm less ahead than i would have
been if i spent those two hours
working and i know it's wrong and so i
correct myself in my brain but
i have like why is it wrong
um because it
should be it's totally fine for you to
hang out with your friends
is it though oh it's not
i don't know i'm just saying that no i'm
just i'm i'm genuinely trying to
understand what
what you think um
like because i mean every time you hang
out with your friends you're you're
falling behind
i thought like you could be working yeah
it's like it's like
logically i know like it's totally okay
to hang out with your friends
but like my negative spiral cut like my
negative thoughts always like kind of
like
like go in and then i start and then i i
always feel
like that weird feeling in my stomach
and then
um and then like once i've got
once i'm back working once i'm back
progressing
then i feel like better
and i have this issue like with um not
just friends but with family too
where like um
[Music]
like i feel bad about spending time with
them like i i want to
[Music]
like i always have this desire when i'm
working oh i want to spend time with my
family i want to spend time with my
family
and then when i when it gets to the
spending time with my family
i start feeling like all that again and
then
i'm not i'm no longer like there paying
attention you know and i'm just like
i need to work and it's like it's really
weird because like
in my mind i'm like oh no i shouldn't
feel this way it's not right
like i can't help feeling it um
and then when i get rid of that
it sounds really like you're kind of
stuck like
if you work then you're kind of missing
out on your family but even
if you try to spend time with your
family your mind automatically goes to
work and doesn't even let you enjoy
time with your family yeah that's the
same type of thing i feel with
friends as well like um
you mentioned guilty earlier when you
were hanging out with friends is that
what you mean by guilty
um guilty guilt is like when you feel
like
you're
when you do something wrong right and
then you feel good about it
um oh yeah i think so
i was just a feeling how do you feel
when you hang out with your friends
um anxiety
wanting to go back to work um
also feeling like um i'm not
doing i'm not doing a good job
performing as a friend like a little
likable person as a friend as a caring
person
um yeah i judge myself a lot
i'm noticing yeah you do and
why do you think that is
um
because i always feel like i'm not good
enough yeah right so
so then then the question becomes why
why do you feel like you're not good
enough
i think this is like patterns of my life
which ones help us understand that um
you know the things that happen in
childhood
um you know when like
even when i like made friends
they left without it being our faults
at all like we never got into fighter
with circumstances
and then um
also like with my with the past
work that i had like in career as well
um
they always kind of made me feel like i
wasn't good enough even when i did a
good job
and um
i think one of the uh i think one of the
biggest reasons as well is also like
um
i guess
i had some relationships that made me
not feel
um good enough to
since i i was like i did have a
relationship when where i was cheated on
and that was like
not cool sure
um i can imagine that i i know
um you'd expressed a you know boundary
there so i'm going to just try to infer
a little bit
yeah just because you shared something
can i just work please
yeah go for it uh
it's workplace stuff as well whenever i
outperformed i was
like i had a in my opinion
i mean i don't know if i should go into
this either because
um i think i would school very simply
like whenever
i outperformed at work
um whenever you picked up a stick
was never i don't know like
it was i don't know if i should go into
like how sure i was treated
in my last job i i want you to in my
last few jobs
we're gonna pause for a second so you
know one of the really important things
about these conversations
is that they're supposed to be on
balance for your benefit
and so i certainly don't want you to
share anything that could negatively
impact your life in some way
yeah yeah so if you want to maintain
relationships with people
so i wouldn't talk about that if that's
yeah yeah yeah i think we've got plenty
so let me i can try to infer a couple of
things okay so one is that
you know when it comes to a romantic
relationship and getting cheated on
i can imagine that that would feed
this cycle that you have of your head
telling you
you're doing good enough and it's not
your fault and then some of the business
down here
telling you like like i can imagine you
talk about this conflict that you have
where like up here you tell yourself
it's enough i can hang out with my
friends i do a good job i should be
proud of what i do
and then like in here and then in your
stomach you've got these other feelings
that are like no
it's not good enough like you're not
actually doing a good job like anyone
could do this
and i can imagine that your romantic
relationships
feed that fire of your head telling you
one thing
and then your stomach telling you
something else yeah
and so you feel safe when you work
working is nice yeah it feels nice to
wear
what feels nice about it um
i'm doing this i'm doing something that
i love um
i also feel like like if i
for some reason in my head like i also
have like these thoughts of like
i can't depend on other people
but i can i i know like i can
like i think i have like control it's
just when it comes
like i can control my work i can make it
good
um you don't have control issues
you don't know how to trust people
because all of your friends have
abandoned you
yeah i mean i don't mean to be like too
blunt about it but like
yeah right
and and i i think when you say control
issues what i think that probably means
is that you have
you feel like you need to have be in
control of every little thing
with your work is that what you mean by
control issues oh actually no
no actually no actually you're right
it's not it's not really
a control issue i think what you what
you said was more
okay correct it's more that i feel safe
in my work because like don't
never leave i guess um
and also like i just can depend on it
because
it's just me myself i guess
and um like i can
depend on the fact that if i do like if
i work hard
then i can make something awesome
um and like it'll be there for me
and then um yeah i guess that
and then what's like people it's like
um i i guess i don't think you can
depend on them to be there for you
i think that's like the feelings like
that i think
yeah i mean i thought you said something
pretty profound when you said your work
will be there for you
yeah right
sounds very safe to me yeah i like
working
okay so let me ask you a quick question
so you know you said earlier that you
it feels good to talk so i don't know if
i should ask you more questions or
share like maybe a little bit of a
hypothesis
or try to explain to you what i'm
hearing what do you think would be
better
oh i want i would love i would love to
hear your thoughts
okay so i think it's tricky
because i i think you're one of these
people who genuinely enjoys their work
and finds it gratifying
yeah yeah
and
it is doing things for your psychology
that i think are holding you back
so the mind does this a lot where like
we'll find one thing that works for us
and then we'll do it to access and then
actually like
hurt ourselves in the process like for
example i like playing video games
and if i'm not careful i really
genuinely love video games like i think
they're so much fun and i really enjoy
playing them
and but if i'm not careful what i like
about video games is if i have a hard
day at work i can play a game and have
some fun and relax
get some dopamine spend time with my
friends
and it's like a genuinely like positive
and fun experience
and i can also use video games as an
escape
yeah right i can start to rely on them
to like
turn away from some of the things that i
don't like about my life
and i'm hearing sort of the same thing
from you about your work
that there's a lot of genuine pride
there's a lot of genuine fun
that a lot of times when you work it
doesn't even feel like work
yeah which is awesome and you're lucky
and you're grateful and all that good
stuff
and at the same time
work is a safe place that allows you
to not face certain things
because those things are painful
what do you think um
yeah i agree
so what's painful outside of work what
feels unsafe
outside of work
like you mean like my feelings
sure um
um i would see the feelings i feel
and the negative thoughts that i get
um
i would feel i would say that that feels
unsafe
are there particular thoughts that you
have outside like so like i'm
envisioning a particular day where
you know maybe someone messages you and
they're like hey do you want to hang out
and then in this in your mind or in
yourself in your whole being you have
this little war
where there's some thoughts and feelings
that are telling you one thing
and then what happens is you're like no
no no i'm gonna work instead
and then like everything kind of calms
down and you feel safe
so what was it that scared you back to
work in that moment
um i usually think whenever someone asks
me like
hey do you wanna hang out i go to my i
go to like my work first
i'm like i really do want to hang out
but i have to do
this this and this and this and this if
i don't do these things and i'm gonna
feel bad
about it and i know that when i'm
hanging out i'm just gonna be thinking
about those things to do
and feeling bad about it and then so
but then like in principle or like
logically i'm like but i should hang out
because
it's good for me
um i guess because like
the feelings that i get i don't
want to even do my mind i'm like you
should
can i think for a second yeah
[Music]
i'm gonna drink some water too yeah
water
okay you know this is going to sound
weird okay
maybe a little bit unsatisfying okay
but unfortunately i actually have an
answer for you
okay so i think i know like how to fix
this i say this rarely because usually
things are complicated and i usually am
wrong
but for whatever reason i don't know if
it's just because you've been really
really open
you shared that story like really early
like i think you've been incredibly
authentic
um i think you're also incredibly
insightful and even your subconscious
mind is like working to solve these
puzzles for you like you came up with
that story about the stick
that you picked up which i think is like
the best story to help us understand
what that feeling is like when you try
to rise up and you say to life
no i'm not going to take the [ __ ] that
you give me life is like uh-uh
sit the [ __ ] down right like when you
get a friend your friend is like
adios i'm going to japan and you can try
to contact me for four years and you'll
never hear from me
and oh you have another friend and it
turns out that their parents are
religious fanatics and they can't see
you anymore because you listen to music
together
how dare you yuda yeah
right so that's the story and so it
makes sense
it makes perfect sense to me that you
have the feelings that you have
that you carry around this idea that
you're not good enough
that work feels safe because you can
rely on it because it's a computer and
not a human being that's going to
abandon you
right yeah and so like i i get that it
feels safe
and i get that like there's a logical
part of you because and that
we're going to try a couple of
interesting
meditation exercises in a second okay
but i think basically what i see is that
you have these negative feelings
and you're being controlled by them and
by controlled by them i don't mean that
like you're crippled with depression
what i mean is that you'll do anything
to avoid
those negative feelings and you try to
push them down through logic you try to
convince yourself
you tell yourself oh i should go hang
out with these people and when you go
hang out with those people then those
feelings come up
and then like you can't even benefit
from hanging out with people and so they
all like
if you go hang out with people the
feelings are going to come up right
yes the only way you can get rid of the
feelings
is to workaholic
yeah there are going to be other things
that i think also
get rid of the feelings which oddly
enough is going to be like really
judgmental towards yourself i think they
actually make the feelings go down
which i know sounds weird what do you
think about that
that's interesting i would like to know
so when you beat yourself up what
happens to the feeling in your stomach
and i beat myself up
i'm not sure what do you mean i know it
sounds weird we'll we'll explore that
down the road but anyway let's not worry
about that for now
oh okay so the main thing though is that
when you work
it calms down the feeling right there
are so many things that you do
to calm down those feelings and those
are the things that make it hard for you
to live
life does that make sense
like you you you you exclude
portions of your life because spending
time with your friends and family brings
those feelings up
yeah so it's the avoidance of that
feeling that keeps you from living life
because you can live life with the
feelings or you could
forget about life and be a workaholic
and then you don't have to worry about
the feelings
yeah so oddly enough your answer is very
simple
you have to just learn how to sit with
those feelings and accept them
see if you can tolerate that feeling it
no longer needs to control you
i see yeah okay so now i'm gonna try to
evoke those feelings and you are you
ready
okay okay and we're to teach you how to
sit with them
and i'm going to teach you a meditative
practice that will like help you work
through them
and i i suppose i should ask for
permission first because i said i'm
going to do this thing but i don't know
if you really want to yeah yeah
okay i assumed you were but at the same
time you seem a little bit like oh [ __ ]
that's what i saw in your eyes there for
a second
how are you feeling i'm curious
okay sit up straight
you can cross your legs if you want to
can you sit cross-legged
uh i'm good like this okay wait do i
i like like this like yeah you can sit
just your back should be straight oh
okay like this
that feels like do you mean like the the
this thing
yes yeah yeah yeah yeah my feet are
gonna show
okay i guess that's
i don't know what the significance of
that is no because
because the tos says you can't show feet
oh the tio says no they're saying you
can't show me
on twitch i have t os ptsd
okay i don't know about any of that but
if the tio says you can't show feet then
don't show your feet
we can't talk to you about this i'm sure
real ptsd
ptsd this is the first time i've ever
heard of tio they didn't teach me about
this at
harvard medical school
so i think another big
i think okay so like i've been banned on
this platform three times
okay and um
so this i'll talk about the second and
third bands
okay um
because it's i it's legit it's a legit
piece
i dream about it um
i dream about this but like okay so
the first band was because i had
this feature i programmed this feature
that i thought was funny
where i said a dollar for d
so when someone sends me a dollar a
letter
d will pop up on my virtual character's
phone
and um i thought it was f
i thought it was a funny joke because
you know like you get the joke right for
dr
j i i i the dollar for d
meaning a dollar for dick okay so like
so like the the joke is like
because dollar for d is like um it's in
it's like kind of it's funny because
like
you think it's like a dick pic but it's
just a letter d
that pops up in your phone and it's like
haha it's funny anyway
anyways it was supposed to be like a
funny joke thing um
but i got banned for that and the
reasons was that i was soliciting
pornography
and um soliciting pornography
that was their reason you got something
on your lip maybe
you can't tell oh yeah um
soliciting pornography and then
um yeah that one that one
really like like
uh i cuz like that one that one i think
really like
messed with my brain because i was
i kind of know i i i don't think i was
soliciting pornography
with the joke i thought i was soliciting
a joke
um but i think like
in my mind it just
okay so my third band i'll talk about my
third band
my third band was because um
so i had i do this interview type
podcast
i bring up the streamer in my world
and we talk about things and one of the
topics that we wanted to
get into talk about was sexual
harassment towards female
streamers and she told me she collects
emails and messages and she has it in
the folder and she
you know she shares it on her stream and
i asked her if we can show it on my
stream and she was like
she was totally okay with it because we
were on the topic and i wanted to talk
about
female sexual harassment because i
thought i think it's an important topic
um so she sends me a screenshot
i pull it up i read it
we discuss it she sends me another one i
pull it up
i read it we discuss it
unfortunately that second screenshot had
the person's first and last name and
email on it
[Music]
and that's what got me banned
um
and like i was i couldn't figure out
what it was because
when i got banned um like i couldn't
figure out why i got better my like
when i got banned because um
in my mind like i didn't do anything
wrong
um but then when people when i was told
what happened i was like oh that makes
sense because
like at when i was showing the
screenshot
i never thought oh this is like a real
person and i'm doxing a real person
sure you know in my mind they think
it's a hate mail it's not it's obviously
using like a username alias like that's
that's kind of the thoughts i have in my
head right and
um but
i guess i think like that whole
experience of getting back three times
when
i myself didn't see myself as a toxic
streamer
like but
it feels like it feels like because i
got banned three times like
i must be a toxic streamer like i must
be
um not wanted on the platform and i
think
it kind of just reiterates like my
pattern
i guess of like i try really really hard
on something and you get punished for it
and i get punished for it and like
i have i have ptsd because i dream about
it because like
the last dream i had it's kind of funny
the last stream i had
i wanted to get pizza and i had a pizza
flyer
and i showed my chat the pizza flyer
that the owner's first and last name and
number was on the pizza flyer
and then i showed it to chad and i got
banned for it
and i was so upset in my dreams so
so you know i have to be honest with you
so first of all
you know just so people are aware okay
so
i don't even know what to do with this
but let me just let me give this a shot
okay
first is i i i i've never heard of tos
ptsd before but sure as hell sounds like
a thing
um you know it's interesting because
when we look at the features of ptsd
hypervigilance and nightmares are
actually two parts of it like they're
two parts of the diagnostic criteria
so i think you know you know we toss
around the word ptsd a lot or the phrase
um yeah i think you know i haven't sort
of said this yet but
it's so bizarre that you're talking
about tos ptsd but
you know you may actually i don't know
if you see a mental health professional
but like
depending on what's going on here like
you may actually want to get evaluated
because
yeah in the event that you actually have
because i mean you seem to be saying i
really have ptsd over this and i know it
sounds kind of absurd but
that you know just the little parts that
you've mentioned you know do make me
think that it's warrant
it's it warrants getting an actual
evaluation i've never heard of something
like this before
um but you know there are
treatments if you have real ptsd
yeah and and if you're if you like think
about it a lot and it's kind of
intrusive in the nature of its thoughts
if you have
nightmares about it and and things like
that like
i know it sounds so bizarre that's so
silly i know it sounds
so silly but
yeah go ahead sorry no
no no no it's just i feel like it's so
silly because like
like the pizza flyer story like if i if
i talk about it it's funny
like it is a funny story like why would
you dream about that but like
so it kind of also makes me feel um
it just makes me feel really silly and
yeah so you know i want you stupid i
want you to really hear what i'm saying
because
you feel silly and stupid and this is
the first time during the conversation
where i'm telling you that this could be
a real thing that warrants actual mental
health treatment
okay right so i'm telling you like i
know it sounds bizarre i mean it sounds
bizarre even to me
but the whole so one of the actually
interesting hallmarks of my
clinical experience of working with ptsd
is that
frequently people think that things are
silly or stupid to the outside world but
it affects them in a really profound way
right and the most simple example i can
think of is like people in abusive
relationships
where they're like oh you know it's like
i know this is silly and stupid i feel
so dumb but my
partner hits me every time you know i
don't make the food right
it's i just i'm so stupid it's so silly
and that's like actually what they'll
say and
and so i know it sounds bizarre but this
is the kind of thing where first of all
i'm a little bit dear in the headlights
because i
i don't quite know i have to think about
that for a little bit
i feel like it's a whole other can of
worms
um i i do see what you're saying in
terms of like there's a common theme
here about you
trying to assert yourself in some way
and you kind of get punished for it
um at the same time you know it does
make sense to me that you got banned if
you
accidentally sure it's an accident and
this is also where like we have to be a
little bit careful because you have this
complex within you that sort of thinks
that you're not good enough and this is
just
and it can take advantage it can use
this
tos kind of stuff is like fuel for its
you know like
energy for beating you up and judging
you yourself
and at the same time um
you know i i think that part of
understanding the appropriateness of the
ban
is in recognizing that the reason that
you're not banned
or the reason you're banned is not
because you're a toxic streamer or i
mean arguably that could be
viewed as toxic it sounds to me like it
was a genuine mistake
yeah that twitch appropriately sort of
says this is not acceptable behavior and
you need to be super super careful about
this
yeah so this is also where from a
behavioral standpoint i kind of think
about especially
temporary bands is is and i don't really
know because i don't talk to twitch and
maybe i'll feel differently
you know inevitably i guess one day i'm
going to get up and i'm going to walk
out i mean i i'm not wearing socks or
shoes right now i wear flip-flops
and so if i leave the room i guess my
feet are going to be visible that's fine
that's okay it's unless they interpret
it
as being sexual but like
most people won't
okay so i'm it's only it's only when
it's interpreted as being sexual that
when it gets
so i i mean this is another discussion i
guess i'll have to ask our account
manager but like
so i'm indian and i sit in yoga postures
and as part of my culture we do not wear
shoes or socks really in the house like
indian people go barefoot a lot
yeah you find as long as it's not being
interpreted as being sexual
so if i sit in a yoga posture like
badmasan which is the lotus posture
which buddha sits in
is meditating and you can see his feet
and all the statues about buddha
do you think that's something i can get
banned for
you know but if you are a sexy hot lady
that was like you know i had a lot of
booba
and um bubba means boobs
yeah okay a sexy hot lady with boobs
maybe like that's
why it's inter it's all the
interpretation like okay i mean
you know i i get it because you got to
keep the coomers at bay but
um you know i i was just okay thank you
for educating me because i
i sit cross-legged on stream i mean like
i'm sitting cross-legged without socks
on right now it's just you can't see
them
yeah but okay so so it's just i guess
it's about the sexuality of it
yeah yes the sexuality of it uh
and i mean i was advocating that you sit
cross-legged
not out of any sexuality but just
because i know the reason that
i sit cross-legged just because i think
it's a good meditative posture
i know don't worry yeah yeah yeah yeah
um anyway
so i'm gonna have to think about this
tos ptsd thing
can i have some time to process like i'm
serious i'm not i'm not trying to
name about it yeah it's just like i just
it's just so silly
like i don't even think i don't know i i
have like for example
like when you are telling me to get
mental health check out for ptsd
my first thought went to will i get
banned for that because
then you know will twitch see me as like
a legal threat
and would i get banned for that no
twitch is actually very supportive of
of streamers like taking care of their
mental health
okay so then what if i they see me as
like a legal threat or something
okay so this is where i can't i can't
speak for twitch but
but you you know we have a we
were like healthy gamer works with
twitch yeah
because twitch actually cares about your
mental health
and so we like literally have a program
where twitch will provide you with
coaching through healthygamer
so if you want to work with one of our
coaches
who works specifically on issues like
imposter syndrome
burnout and now like i have a meeting
with all of our creator coaches today
so these are coaches who work
specifically with streamers
and content creators so you can sign up
for that program and actually like
twitch is paying for it so they care
about your mental health like very
genuinely like i'm not
i'm not saying this because it's an
advertisement for them i'm saying
because like
they're actually you know they seem to
care about it
and they're working with us and in our
experience which is like really positive
and now with our in our meeting with our
coaches today i'm going to bring up tos
ptsd
and ask them to talk to their clients
about do you guys have ptsd over being
banned
because it sounds like it could be like
a common issue actually
and if so we'll try to figure out what
to do about it i think my issue was is
that
like it just keeps on making these weird
silly
things in my brain like for example when
i want
like oh like can i get banned now
because
if i seek mental health um
like stuff for it does that make me like
elite like you know how that those
connections
are kind of silly but like i make them
yeah so so i think that's a it's a
reasonable connection though so when it
comes to getting mental health treatment
this is what i would
advocate is that like you know that's a
private thing
so like you should like when i say that
you know there are particular bounds
even around this conversation that like
there are a lot of things that if i was
actually your therapist i think would be
really important to discuss
yeah such as diagnostic criteria for
ptsd i would evaluate for that
i i you know other things would be like
really digging into romantic
relationships because that sounds
important to me but like
here in a public discussion about
anxiety and some of the things that
happen in your mind that's not really
appropriate
yeah um i don't think that they're going
to think you're a threat in fact i think
it's sort of like
you're taking care of your health right
being yeah you know
yeah i really don't think so that i
haven't gotten i mean i can't speak for
twitch but
generally speaking the response that
i've gotten from them is overwhelmingly
positive and supportive
that they recognize that you guys deal
with a lot of hard stuff and they're
actually going out of their way
to support content creators on the
platform
that's been my experience yeah um i also
know
that like twitch even provides discounts
for therapy and some so
something that my account manager sent
me so you have some information there
which you can talk to your account
manager about but
um so i think they actually do a fair
amount cool
and i can't imagine that they would
punish people for you know they're like
trying to provide you
like trying to oh no me saying that was
more of me
just telling you that i think it's silly
that i oh i see that's the
example of an irrational thought yeah
yeah yeah got it
got it um so i was trying okay that
makes sense yeah so it was just
like these irrational thoughts always
pop up in my head
even when i'm streaming um
even when i'm like making content all
these irrational thoughts just
pop up and make weird connections and
it's been
like one of the biggest things that's
been kind of
holding me back from like who i was
before
um when i perform on twitch
and it's something that i've been like
really frustrated with
can i think of can i just process for a
second yeah
i'm gonna use the restroom real fast
okay don't show your feet
so chad is any anyone else
a little bit offended on my behalf that
i won't get banned for showing my feet
because apparently i'm not sexy enough
um one second sorry i'm saying
okay uh once again what's up once
[Music]
i can't hear you now
apparently i'm not sexy enough chat
my mic's still working though
no i mean it's weird right i i guess
i guess coopers will come to anything i
i don't i really don't i don't
understand this at all
but okay i mean gotta live and learn
and one of the best educational tools on
the internet is the band hammer
if you guys haven't you know
i still don't entirely understand what a
kumar is
by the way
yeah so you know at some point we could
talk about lust like i don't mean like
i mean because it's you know to step
back from the memes but to be all
you know serious like the satisfaction
of desires and
exploring lust and and sort of managing
some of your feelings whether it be lust
for food lust for
more sexual things
important topics very important
okay i'm back i'm back okay welcome back
hey so um
i i i'm gonna have to think about some
of the stuff more you know
yeah yeah um you know i think
i think there's something really
important that you just said about
who you were before and the thoughts
that you have that keep you from being
yourself
like it's almost like they you know it
sounds like they're very intrusive
and kind of disruptive and dominating in
terms of like
affecting you it's not just a thought
that comes and goes it's like you're
trying to live your life and then
this thought comes in and it kind of
really disrupts your
your joy and tranquility i also
feel like i also feel like a bit
like i don't have control over my work
as well anymore because
um in a way because sometimes i work
really hard and then i'm like
oh i like i'm probably going to get bad
and so like
why am i trying
like i i have these irrational thoughts
that like always truly pop
up and i think it's just kind of it's
like it's just been a pattern of my life
and it's like it's like whatever
it's like whenever i take control of
something and do really well on
something
i get knocked down and
and like
um it's just it's like
it's i recognized like that was like
completely my mistake even if it was an
accident
but i just for some reason i always get
myself into these situations even if
it's an accident even if i don't mean to
do it
that always just kind of like
happens yeah um
so you know i think this is really a
different
topic because i know this sounds kind of
weird but so
i i wanna so i think that there are some
weird
principles from spirituality about
getting yourself in
into situations and then also learning
so they're learning how to not get into
those situations
yeah and and i know this sounds weird
like we're kind of we tend to take a
pretty like we've taken a pretty
psychological approach today in terms of
these patterns and what you think about
yourself and not being good enough but i
think there are also
other dimensions that you can work on
this
like in terms of cultivating the right
kind of shakti
or energy that's s-h-a-k-t-i
which is the sanskrit word for energy
there are certain practices that you can
do certain things that you can do that
sort of cultivate a particular kind of
energy
and it's not really scientific really
at all but um i do
find that taking that sort of approach
about you know what am i sort of putting
out into the world and being very like
thoughtful and careful about that
can actually help people but that's a
different dimension so i think that
that's a discussion
about how do you avoid getting yourself
into those situations
which i think you can absolutely avoid
doing now
that's the big caveat there is that you
don't really control
um you know you can't really control
what the outside world does you can't
control what twitch chat does you can't
control
twitch it does but there are certainly
ways of cultivating particular things
and sort of setting yourself up for
success that's kind of one angle
the second angle is sort of helping you
deal with
who i am who you were before and what
how these thoughts
have really shattered that how can we
help you find a place of like
peace and tranquility where you've
learned from your mistakes
you're going to be careful about not
making them again
and also like those mistakes haven't
shattered
who you used to be because what i'm
really hearing is that they've really
remapped
the way that you think about situations
and the way that like you exist
in the world which sounds very
devastating to me
um what do you think about that
um
they as in like the situations that
happen in my past the thoughts
i would say really the thoughts that are
intrusive
yeah um
i'm hearing that you can't be yourself
anymore
yeah i
i think like
um i think it's just that i get to
i get influenced
too easily by
outside situations that's like like for
example like i have
a hard time recovering from things that
shouldn't be that big of a deal i guess
okay
that makes sense sure it makes a lot of
sense so here
here's what i'm gonna say at this point
so you know i think we
uncovered a really really important
understanding of a little bit about how
you work
especially in like the first hour of the
conversation
and i feel like we're opening up a
couple of doors and i'm a little bit
hesitant because i feel like
there's a lot of like there's some
important lessons which i'd really like
to
drive home with you yeah so that you can
start to make progress
with like spending time with your
friends and family yeah
and if it's okay with you all table
everything else yeah
yeah and teach you a little bit of
meditation yeah
i i don't mean to say that this stuff
isn't important it really does sound
important but i think like let's
let's try to work on one problem at a
time i told you i have so many issues
you did i have so many issues
oddly enough i i think a lot of your
issues are related this
ptsd tos stuff sounds different to me
though
i think that's related though because
it's
i have like i think i have
more pt i think i have ptsd for my
because
of situations that happen in my past
like okay
because the thing is is that i think
it's the whole like
it's a whole like i because i work so
hard on my stream
like it's my entire life literally the
things that i've created is literally
like my entire life and
it's something that i thought i finally
had control over
and you know the dollar for d
thing i could never i just i just could
not
foresee that one and like
i just in my mind i could not foresee
like that a letter d
would be it would equate to pornography
as me selling pornography like it just i
just i still to this day
i still have i still have trouble making
those links
um and like
i think it's just that these
so like in my mind that situation wasn't
really
in my control like in my mind that's
kind of how i see it
how i show it and um
i work like my stream is my life and i
put so much into it
um and now i'm already on my third band
and i feel like it's
i just feel like you know again this
is probably gonna be taken away from
from me
um and so that's severe like worry and
that's severe like
um just anxiety
um i think that's what's causing
i don't even know if it's ptsd oh like i
just have dreams
about getting banned a lot um
in different situations i didn't mean um
it's always like
i do something that i completely didn't
realize that i was doing
at the time and then and then hindsight
they
they tell me oh like the pizza flyer
thing oh you had the owners first and
last name and number on there but
um and so i
i think it's just that it's just like a
pattern
of my of my life that i've been dealing
with where i
even with something that i feel like i
had
complete control over and was doing
really well and
um can be just taken away from me
and will probably be taken away from me
considering
all the things that happened
sounds like it's almost inevitable
well that's why i convinced myself which
is bad
but um that's just kind of what i
convinced myself
i like what you did there what
so you said that's what i convinced
myself of and it's bad yeah
you didn't say i shouldn't do it
did you notice that i don't know if you
were thinking it but
just right there you sort of just stated
what you felt without judging yourself
for feeling it
yeah which i think is progress
but i'm also seeing that this is like
very feels
really really important to you and
i i'm i'm getting a sense of
you know the train is coming down the
tracks and you're kind of stuck on the
tracks kind of thing
that no matter what you do that this is
gonna happen
it's just like a it's just a pattern you
know
it's just i even like now when i feel
like
i'm doing really well and i'm
in my mind i'm like in my brain i'm like
oh
i think i'm i'm successful or
not successful but it's i think i'm
doing really well
um i tell myself i
shouldn't enjoy it because it's gonna
hurt too much when it's like
ripped from me
it's hard to live life where your two
choices
are to try to protect yourself
and forgo living or to enjoy yourself
and be punished for it
it sounds really tough you know
i just i kind of just i don't know i in
my eyes kind of justify as like oh it's
good because you shouldn't be
that successful i don't know
my my brain works in a weird way
my brain is a weird place i know it
looks weird and contradictory
but one of the things i've come to
appreciate about our minds is that
they're actually
quite logical they just have their own
system of logic
which sometimes we can't see
so i'm going to ask you in the last few
minutes that we have do you want to
continue talking or would you rather
learn
meditation
what is your recommendation mr dr
k my recommendation would be that you
learn meditation
but what i'm picking up from you is that
you still have a lot more to say
so i think ultimately it's i have so
many issues
so so this is where i e you know i kind
of say this and sometimes people think
that i'm doing this as kind of a
disclaimer or whatever but i
i really think uh you know you could you
should either sign up for our
content creator coaching program or
um and or go see a mental health
professional and just sort of get
evaluated
and and they may be able to help you
with social anxiety or ptsd or things
like that
um and you know i say this as a
psychiatrist like i
you know i think it would be very
appropriate for someone like you to come
into my office
and say hey here's what i'm concerned
about and like i think it's very
reasonable and an appropriate thing to
explore about whether this is
you know really ptsd or not yeah
um and in terms of meditation i mean i
i think that meditation is good because
i i'd like to teach you
a practice to learn how to sit with
yourself
and especially sit with those negative
emotions so that you don't have to work
on them but i'm sort of feeling like now
it's kind of artificial
but i mean the meditation but anyway
it's okay
but so if you really want to learn i'm
happy to teach you
wait why is it artificial i felt like it
was a lot more appropriate before we
opened this other thing up
and it feels a little bit distant to me
from the current topic of conversation
that's all
i see
um but it is still like the same type of
pattern
same pattern same same thing okay so sit
up straight
okay okay so
what do you close your eyes for a second
okay and what do you feel in your body
hunger okay
i just realized i'm hungry okay
okay sorry yeah okay
really hungry okay so
so okay then you know we're gonna we're
gonna
not do this okay okay so this is this no
no
there's nothing to apologize for i
actually didn't
yeah so i want this to be a really
really important lesson that that i want
people to take away
so meditation is wonderful it's great
all that good stuff i'm a big fan of it
there's
science that suggests it helps with ptsd
it helps with anxiety
and also sometimes it's not the right
time to meditate
yeah and if you get really really sleepy
when you meditate
if you're really really hungry rather
than
i know it's kind of ironic because what
we're trying what i was about to try to
teach you
what how to do is to you know sit with
some of the feelings that you've got
instead of giving in to them
oddly enough i think you should just go
and eat something
and and like like honestly like just do
what your body and your mind sometimes
tells you
like you learn how to resist some of it
and some of it you just gotta you just
gotta eat something
you know because you woke up this has
been intense you've been at this for two
hours you've been crying off and on
exploring a lot of stuff
it's very energy intensive so i'd say
just
go eat okay i'm sorry
no it's fine i feel like i i feel like i
ruined this interview
very careful with my language you i had
an
expectation and a hope which you have
thrown a wrench in and one of the most
is that bad
yes oh but there's a big butt
so this is the other really important
thing that i think it's really important
for you to learn yoona
is that it's okay to ruin stuff
right like this is the big lesson that
you've got to learn is like
if your stream is not perfect it's okay
if you say something and you're with
your family like if you go and hang out
with your family
and you feel like you're distracted by
stream
and work and stuff like that that's okay
so what i want you to do is learn how to
be okay like
with i mean you didn't like the
interview was incredibly productive i
think it was incredibly educational
and all of the important things that we
needed to accomplish i think we
accomplished
i had this other expectation because i
had a really good meditation technique
but i just don't think sometimes
sometimes it's just it's not gonna work
which is fine
right that's life and that's an
important lesson that we have to learn
how to let go of our expectations
and then like the second time this rolls
around we'll do it again and then we'll
teach you meditation
so remember that life is going to send
you some things on its timeline
and like you just have to respect that
and if you're hungry
genuinely speaking from the bottom of my
heart to someone who's been teaching
meditation for almost 20 years
i'd say you need to go eat okay
okay okay thank you are you judging
yourself
no i was i'm just
then you've made me happy and you've
made the interview worthwhile
yay okay
so best of luck to you i i as i
understand uh
i may actually wind up on your show
sometimes yeah
so i'm really looking forward to that
that'd be so
fun yeah i'm i'm so i don't know what to
expect but i i think i'm we're gonna you
know
do it around it'll be really fun
okay great um okay cool so
thank you so much for coming on take
care of yourself
and then you know let us know if we can
kind of support you if you want info
about the coaching program just let us
know
okay um and then um
yeah i mean i i really wish you all the
best i think i think
you know you can be way happier
you can you can get back to where you
were i i don't i think you can learn how
to overcome this like thing that you
have inside you and i think you've
actually made good progress today so
best of luck okay thank you dr k
you're most welcome talk to you later
bye
bye okay
no i'm not gonna show you my feet you
filthy twitch chatters